docs: use --experimental-transform-types load tsconfig (#7667)
web-infra-dev/rspack: website/docs/en/config/index.mdx

}
```

> If the version of Node.js you are using supports the `--experimental-transform-types` feature, you can use the built-in ts transform functionality of Node.js without needing to install `ts-node`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the version of Node.js you are using supports the [--experimental-transform-types](https://nodejs.org/api/cli.html#--experimental-transform-types) flag, you can use the built-in TS transformation of Node.js without needing to install `ts-node`.
```
